165267	   193: Detecting Spam URLs in Social Media via Behavioral Analysis This paper addresses the challenge of detecting spam URLs in social media, which is an important task for shielding users from links associated with phishing, malware, and other low-quality, suspicious con- tent. Rather than rely on traditional blacklist-based filters or content analysis of the landing page for Web URLs, we examine the behavioral factors of both who is posting the URL and who is clicking on the URL. The core intuition is that these behavioral signals may be more difficult to manipulate than traditional signals. Concretely, we propose and evaluate fifteen click and posting-based features. Through extensive experimental evaluation, we find that this purely behavioral approach can achieve high precision (0.86), recall (0.86), and area-under-the-curve (0.92), suggest- ing the potential for robust behavior-based spam detection.
3107192	  3048: Uncovering social spammers: social honeypots + machine learning Web-based social systems enable new community-based opportunities for participants to engage, share, and interact. This community value and related services like search and advertising are threatened by spammers, content polluters, and malware disseminators. In an effort to preserve community value and ensure longterm success, we propose and evaluate a honeypot-based approach for uncovering social spammers in online social systems. Two of the key components of the proposed approach are: (1) The deployment of social honeypots for harvesting deceptive spam profiles from social networking communities; and (2) Statistical analysis of the properties of these spam profiles for creating spam classifiers to actively filter out existing and new spammers. We describe the conceptual framework and design considerations of the proposed approach, and we present concrete observations from the deployment of social honeypots in MySpace and Twitter. We find that the deployed social honeypots identify social spammers with low false positive rates and that the harvested spam data contains signals that are strongly correlated with observable profile features (e.g., content, friend information, posting patterns, etc.). Based on these profile features, we develop machine learning based classifiers for identifying previously unknown spammers with high precision and a low rate of false positives.
5658239	  5291: Ensemble Models for Data-driven Prediction of Malware Infections Given a history of detected malware attacks, can we predict the number of malware infections in a country? Can we do this for different malware and countries? This is an important question which has numerous implications for cyber security, right from designing better anti-virus software, to designing and implementing targeted patches to more accurately measuring the economic impact of breaches. This problem is compounded by the fact that, as externals, we can only detect a fraction of actual malware infections. In this paper we address this problem using data from Symantec covering more than 1.4 million hosts and 50 malware spread across 2 years and multiple countries. We first carefully design domain-based features from both malware and machine-hosts perspectives. Secondly, inspired by epidemiological and information diffusion models, we design a novel temporal non-linear model for malware spread and detection. Finally we present ESM, an ensemble-based approach which combines both these methods to construct a more accurate algorithm. Using extensive experiments spanning multiple malware and countries, we show that ESM can effectively predict malware infection ratios over time (both the actual number and trend) upto 4 times better compared to several baselines on various metrics. Furthermore, ESM's performance is stable and robust even when the number of detected infections is low.
